Rename: Konnect Get Started section (#5961)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/getting-started/configure-data-plane-node.md

---

> title: Configure a Data Plane Node

Author: ❗ For reviewers: Here and throughout this PR, if you could make sure I used the correct words in place of "runtime" that would be great. I sometimes had a hard time deciding if it should be control plane, data plane node, or data plane.

>     {{site.base_gateway}} instance and connects it to your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{site.base_gateway}} and connects it to your
```

I can't add it as a suggestion but the "a" before KGW should be removed.

    {{site.konnect_saas}} account.

1. Once {{site.konnect_short_name}} detects your data plane node, 
click **Done** to go back to the data plane nodes page.

The data plane nodes table will now include
a new entry for your instance and the tag in the **Sync Status** column should
say **In Sync**.

> The default proxy URL for this control plane is `http://localhost:8000`. Take

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default proxy URL for the data plane is `http://localhost:8000`. Take
```
